What software does the world need?

I don't want to make another prodcutivity app or another opensource version of paid software. I want to change the way people interact with technology. I want to truly bring the hardware from a device to a magical outlet for the human mind. 
Microsoft, Google, Adobe, they all have one thing in common. It isn't that they make software. Anyone can do that, like Libreoffice. It is the timing at which they made their software. In the advent of the early 2000s, computing technolog was the
new craze. But what is the hardware without anything for the user to do? Thus was born the digital age. Companies sprouted to take advantage of the excitement, the new user base. These companies allowed the customer to use their computer in ways 
never seen before. Nowadays we can see this in A.I, which we have never seen before. The problem with A.I, however, is that it is overused and loses its value, its specialty. People are no longer left speechless when A.I does something new. It is
simply the next stepping stone, the next iteration that the companies are advancing through. 

So, what software WILL the world need?

As stated before, the big tech companies took advantage of the new hardware inventions that the computer represented. It wasn't just the software itself, it was the magic of seeing something new on your screen. Before, it was Macs and Windows and
Microsoft Excel. Security, privacy. Nowadays, we are seeing a new advancement. Neuralink, VR, AR. Morphinh reality with technology. Imagination will be unecessary, because you can see it in your AR glasses. Why picture something in your mind's eye
when you can make a 3d model with a few flicks of the wrist?

This is the next digital advancement. 

Some people feel worried that they may get ads as they lay in bed, or accidentally turn a wish into a command. What if I want to send something, but think better of it? Big Brother will now have the ability to watch your mind. To police your thoughts.
Others want to feel real things, want to stay tethered to reality. They feel safe in the divide between what is real and what itsn't. Which is understandable, considering the types of people on the internet. 

A TOR browser for the mind perhaps? Or book visualiser, as I turn the page, a little sherlock inspects my fingerprints, or perhaps the scene itself plays out. Textbooks with atomi videos embedded? Perhaps that could be a physical device too.
